Flex (#760)
shopware/docs: products/paas/elasticsearch.md

Please follow the setup and indexing steps to prepare your instance as described in [Set up Elasticsearch](../../guides/hosting/infrastructure/elasticsearch/elasticsearch-setup.md#prepare-shopware-for-elasticsearch).

> After that, the following environment variables are automatically using the composer package `shopware/paas-meta:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, the following environment variables are provided by the composer package `shopware/paas-meta:
```
